DOC: DataFrame→Array conversion and unknown chunks (#4516)
dask/dask: docs/source/array-creation.rst

From Dask DataFrame
-------------------

> At the most basic level, Dask DataFrames have a ``to_dask_array`` method:

Reviewer: Might try to avoid saying what is "the most basic". For example, someone coming from pandas could think that the `.values` attribute is the most basic way to get an array from a DataFrame. Perhaps something like: 

```suggestion
There are several ways to create a Dask array from a Dask DataFrame. Dask DataFrames have a ``to_dask_array`` method:
```

Author: > Someone coming from pandas could think that the .values attribute 

The [pandas docstring for `.values`][1] says:

> **Warning: We recommend using `DataFrame.to_numpy()` instead.**

I used "at the most basic level" in the spirit of this warning. But, I'm not seeing much of a difference looking at the source (`np.asarray` or `df.values` is mapped to each chunk).

[1]:https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.values.html

.. code-block:: python

   >>> df = dask.dataframes.from_pandas(...)
   >>> df.to_dask_array()
   dask.array<values, shape=(nan, 3), dtype=float64, chunksize=(nan, 3)>

This mirrors the `to_numpy
<https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.to_numpy.html>`_
function in Pandas. The ``values`` attribute is also supported:

.. code-block:: python

   >>> df.values
   dask.array<values, shape=(nan, 3), dtype=float64, chunksize=(nan, 3)>

However, these arrays do not have known chunk sizes because dask.dataframe does
not track the number of rows in each partition. This means that some operations
like slicing will not operate correctly.

The chunk sizes can be computed:

.. code-block:: python

   >>> df.to_dask_array(lengths=True)
   dask.array<array, shape=(100, 3), dtype=float64, chunksize=(50, 3)>

Specifying ``lengths=True`` triggers immediate computation of the chunk sizes.
This enables downstream computations that rely on having known chunk sizes
(e.g., slicing).

> ``to_records`` also returns a Dask Array but does not compute the shape

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dask DataFrame ``to_records`` method also returns a Dask Array, but does not compute the shape
```
